Summary of Additions & Changes
1. React App Structure Improvements
Split your large App.js file into modular components:

SearchAndControls.js — Search bar, dark mode toggle, CSV export button.

VisitsChart.js — Displayed time-spent bar and line charts with improved styling.

SessionAnalytics.js — New session analytics graph with session duration data.

VisitsList.js — Listing of visit history entries.

ExportUtils.js — CSV export utility function.

Added sorting of visits data (chartData.sort(...)) for better visualization order.

Added filtering based on search input to update displayed data dynamically.

Implemented dark mode support with theme colors toggled.

2. Chart Enhancements
Added bar charts for time spent per domain.

Added line charts for session analytics.

Improved chart layout to avoid overlap, increased padding/margins, and adjusted label rotation.

Made the chart legends and tooltips more readable.

Fixed the cutting off of labels by tweaking chart container height and margins.

3. Styling Updates
Added CSS styles to App.css:

Ensured charts have enough vertical space.

Customized fonts and colors for light/dark mode.

Added responsive label rotation on X-axis.

Suggested padding/margin tweaks to avoid UI overlap and improve spacing.

4. Chrome Extension Setup
Created or updated manifest.json with:

"manifest_version": 3

"name", "version", "description", "permissions"

"background" service worker script.

"action" for popup and default icon.

"host_permissions" for all URLs.

Added "icons" field with icon paths.

Added icons:

HUBAI.png — Default extension icon.

(Optional smaller icon for toolbar if needed.)

Guided on folder structure for icons and static files to avoid load errors.

Resolved warnings about unwanted key files by excluding irrelevant node modules in extension packaging.

Fixed build errors related to OpenSSL and Webpack by upgrading/downgrading Node or setting environment variables.

5. Build & Deployment
Provided commands to build React app for production.

Provided instructions to load the unpacked extension in Chrome via chrome://extensions.

Explained how to organize extension folder to include the build and manifest files.

Real-Time Updates with WebSockets 

This calls for a more advanced AI technique called Topic Modeling. We will use an algorithm called Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) to discover abstract topics from your browsing history.

pip install gensim nltk